[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Welcome to
Build Better Apps with Angular 2.
This is, as Mark said,
my third Frontend Masters Workshop, so
I was here kind of towards the beginning
of when Frontend Masters was still kind
of growing up and it's since turned
into a quite a veritable platform.
I owe Mark actually, I was telling him
last night that I really think kind of
the genesis of my career in Angular
started with Frontend Masters.
I'd been blogging for a bit, but then
once I had hooked up with Mark and we did
Frontend Masters, it seems like everything
just went kind of to the next level,
so huge thanks to him for that.
I really just appreciate his commitment
and his passion to building something that
helps people learn, and
he's really just passionate about
changing just how people learn, and
providing the best possible resources.
So just being conversational
here as we kinda get started.
It's amazing to me how when I go places,
even in Europe and
different places where people
will come up to me and say,
I got into Angular because of your
Frontend Masters course that I saw.
And so that is really, truly why I
do what I do, is because Angular has
been very good to me,
it's provided a really good livelihood.
But being able to take the things that
I'm excited about and convey it to
other people, cuz I believe true
mastery is when you can convey mastery.
And so for me is that,
my goal is by the end of these workshops,
so we have today Angular
2 getting to know it, and
then we have a reactive
Angular on the third day.
Is that everybody walks out with
a strong foundation for Angular 2,
that they can go and
build real things, but
more importantly that it impacts you and
in your life in your quality of life.
Cuz I believe that when you have
skill sets that you can translate,
that you write better applications
that makes people's lives better, so
kind of a big grand vision here.
So for day one,
my goal is that we have a strong grasp on
how to build a single,
basic feature in Angular 2.
And so what I mean by that is,
I tend to think of applications
as a composition of features.
And so we're going to learn how to build
a single feature that's going to include
a template, a component, a service and
then eventually we will route to it.
But, a single feature.
Then day two, is we're going to
learn how to put together multiple,
non-trivial features.
So we're gonna learn how to basically
work with a single building block, and
then in day two we'll learn how to put
these building blocks together and
start to build more interesting things.
And then on day three we're going
to learn how to make them reactive.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So here is the agenda.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We're gonna just
talk about the Angular 2 big picture,
we're just gonna lay it all out,
high level, what is Angular 2,
what's new in Angular 2,
what are the big pieces?
Then Scott's gonna do
a Prerequisite Primer in Tooling.
So one of the things with Angular 2 is,
Not only do you have to learn Angular 2,
but there's some additional skills and
tools that you kinda need
to wrap your mind around.
Then I'm going to talk about
component fundamentals and
what goes into building a component.
Scott gets the best module of the day,
which is templates,
which is one of my favorite things.
I'll be back to talk about services.
And then Scot gets the worst
module of the day as a result,
that's karma, and
he gets to talk about routing.
So, Angular 2 Big Picture.
And you'll notice these icons
in the bottom of the slide, so
this is a satellite, this is kind of
me kind of broadcasting information.
And so the modules are gonna
kinda go in this format.
So Scott or I will talk
a little bit about some theory,
then we're going to kind of show some
examples so we'll talk about it.
We'll show it in code either in plunks or
in the sample project, so
you can kind of see what it looks like
in the code so it'll anchor it, and
then we'll give you
an opportunity to do challenges.
So probably 15, 20 minutes of talking,
10 to 15 minutes of walking through
some code, offering commentary.
And then we'll turn you loose for 20, 25
minutes to actually kind of apply what we
have talked about and then we can answer
questions, and kind of go from there.